>> This is "Nuevo," an
investigation of the best UFO
hunter in the
world, Antonio Urzi,
who has recorded some of the
best images of extraterrestrial
objects of all time.
In this program
we will learn how
the analysis were made on all
the pieces of the evidence.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo,"
with Jaime Maussan.
>> Continuing with the sequences
of images that Antonio has
recorded since 2003, it was
in 2011 that he began to video
record them with a larger
lens of 1,000 millimeters.
This allowed him to
capture the objects
as at greater altitude, which
as we shall see, it was crucial.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Continuing with the sequences
of images that Antonio has
recorded since 2003, it was
in 2011 that he began to video
record them with a larger
lens of approximately 1,000
millimeters.
This allowed him to
capture the objects
at a greater altitude, which
as we shall see, was crucial.
On March 25, 2011, at
5:00 in the afternoon
from a park near
his home, Antonio
would take 22
photographs of a ship
with his camera using a
1,000 millimeter lens.
The images are
clear, and you can
follow the sequence
that allows you
to establish the possible
movements of the object.
This would be the first time
he would only take photographs,
and not videos.
In the images you can
see the reflection
of the sun on the UFO.
This happened on March 25,
at 5:40 in the afternoon,
in northern Italy.
Later, on September
19, 2011, Antonio
captured a new
photographic sequence.
The photographs
were taken at 6:55
in the early evening, with a
professional type DSLR camera
model 60D, with a
Samyang telephoto lens.
The digital photography
specialist, Guillermo Anaya,
was commissioned to perform
one of the two analyses
that were made on this
material, and reached
several conclusions.
The photographs
show two objects,
one about 10 feet in diameter
with a circular shape
and a sphere that
apparently revolved
around the more massive object.
The analyst verified the
time of sunset in Milan
on that day, which
was at 7:28 PM.
This means that for the
period of the sequence,
there was still 30
minutes of sunlight.
The photograph studied were
the original 17.9 megapixels,
which is the base
resolution of the camera.
It also showed
its original mark,
which allowed a study of camera
movement by the photographer.
The format of the files, like
jpg, which is used the most,
permits us to keep a
history of the changes
by the EXIF standard.
When this file is created by
a photographic or video medium
or by the different
editing programs,
it is the soul of an image.
Then he made the analysis with
the ELA, Error Level Analysis.
And it turned out that
the edge that appears
is due to the
degradation of the file,
and not because of
the superimposition
of a foreign object.
Here we see that the side is
softer, almost imperceptible,
which indicates that the
objects are fully integrated
into the background.
When carrying out the
study by other methods,
it was found that there are
no superimposed pixels that
can be detected in a gradual
and constant increase
of the edge towards the bottom.
However, the material of the
spheres in the image IMG0081
is different.
But here we have a case that
has been thoroughly studied.
The threads of
evidence are digital,
which could be falsified.
Nevertheless, at the same
time, the modern tools
allow us to detect any
type of alteration.
You can determine
the size or if it
is animated with relative ease.
That is why here they will
show, in great detail,
the step-by-step analysis
by one of the best
specialists in the world.
Giuseppe Garófalo has analyzed
each one of Antonio's videos
and images over 15 years
without finding a single fake.
Garófalo is a video analyst
with more than 20 years
of experience, and has knowledge
of practically all the programs
available to perform
digital image analysis.
First, it is necessary
to establish whether it
is a large or small object.
Small objects closer to a lens
generate very thick edges,
while at a greater distance
they create subtle borders.
This can be determined
using Gaussian filters.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes.
>> The results are conclusive
because all the material
of Antonio Urzi
is original, real.
Before reaching this decision,
I had to make a precise analysis
specifically concerning
the edges and contours.
I used a software filter,
such as the Gaussian Filter
Operator, which is the best
way to determine the margins
and outline of an object.
When an object has
large dimensions
and a particular volume
while at high altitude,
its edges are very thin,
contrary to when an object is
smaller and a closer distance.
The edges are
thicker and denser.
Now I'm going to show
you Antonio's material.
As we can see, the
edge is very thin.
Here we can compare the
discoidal object of Antonio.
We can see the whole image.
And it is possible to notice
the edges are very thick, which
means that the object is very
close to the trees, which
appear smaller.
The disk that
appears to be bigger,
and has more volume
as it moves away.
Here are other examples
of flying objects.
And with this, we go
from unknown objects
to ordinary terrestrial objects.
As you can see in this picture,
I applied the Gaussian filter.
And we noticed that the edge
or the outline of the airplane
is thin.
Then I looked for
an image where it
was possible to see
the roof of a building.
And upon closer
examination, the edge
is much thicker than that, of
the airplane, which is thinner.
On
This school is a UFO filmed
by Antonio on April 19, 2007.
Also, here I made the
analysis of the edges.
And indeed, these are very thin.
In another case, here
is a large object
in the sky at high altitude.
This is the tubular object
filmed on April 16, 2016.
Also in this case,
I made a comparison
with the vegetation
and nearby trees.
As we can see in this box,
the vegetation is filtered.
And the edges of the
tree are very thick.
Meanwhile, the object in the sky
is far away and is very thin.
Therefore, it is a large object.
Here we can see the
stadium where Antonio
filmed this tubular object.
I also made the comparison
specifically of the thickness
of the stadium and the object.
In this case, the stadium
has considerable depth,
while the subject in
question, the UFO,
has a more subtle thickness,
like we can see here.
Here you can see the
trees in correlation
to the tubular object
and the stadium.
Now let's move on to a
small inserted model,
a model that has been
added into an environment
to see how the
thickness of an object
appears with the reconstruction
of a photo montage.
This disc that is
already reconstructed
is completely fake.
I studied the
contour of the edges,
where it turns out that the
edge is much more pronounced.
So it is a small model.
In this case, this is the object
seen from a different position.
This photo of April 29,
2011, is from Antonio Urzi,
in which the UFO has a
much thinner surface,
but also much more nuanced.
So it is an object that
has considerable volume.
I make a comparison between
this object, which is real,
and the fake one.
All the parameters are genuine.
For example, the
reflection of light
and all the other details.
Here is the difference between
an object that is fake and then
created in post-production.
In a real one, this is how
the edge should be seen.
This is another comparison.
I do the same,
although with a button.
Because I have seen
how many counterfeiters
use it on the
internet and say, here
is the UFO of Antonio Urzi.
For that reason, I had to
scan the outline of a button.
>> It is evident that at a
greater distance the edges
of the objects appear very
thin, meaning if the object is
of a large size and
is at a far distance,
it generates softer edges.
With the JPEGsnoop
program, it is
possible to determine the
compression of an image,
to determine if an image is
retouched or if it is original.
Four different classifications
have been established.
>> There are four grades.
The first indicates that the
image has been manipulated.
There is total certainty
that it is not the original.
In number two, the image has
probably been manipulated.
But there is no certainty
or complete certainty.
In number three, the image
has all the qualities
to be originally,
which we will see.
Then there is number
four, which says
that you can not
determine if the image is
real or manipulated.
This happens when they do
not come from the database
of the camera itself.
When they do not originate in
the configuration of the camera
there is a lack of
data verification.
That is the analysis
of the photos.
You must also do
the experimentation,
which is essential.
This is an all encompassing
effort to take the pictures,
and do the tests, analyze them,
check them, and, of course,
combine the different programs.
What I discovered is that all
the original photos of the Urzi
case, including all
the digital ones,
are authentic grade three,
all of them, absolutely all
of them.
Let's take a look at this.
The result of grade
three for the images
has a high probability
of being original.
It is always the same
result, grade three.
These images have a high
probability of being original.
I am presenting
some programs that
are used to collect data from
the photos that are basic,
essential information.
the program can detect
the brand, the model,
date information,
light exposure,
everything that is used
and stored on the photo.
now let's see the photos.
I would like to explain.
Here is what I have done
with this comparison.
I made it out of a real
object filmed by Antonio Urzi,
and an object made in
post-production, the object
from Brownsville.
And I have made
the analysis using
a metadata of the recording.
These are the three videos
from Brownsville, Texas.
And these are the three videos
of Antonio Urzi from April 15,
2015.
>> All the videos have a
record of their metadata.
This allows you to
know immediately
if the image has been altered
or if it is an original, as
in this case that analyzes
a video supposedly recorded
in Brownsville, Texas, which
resulted in it being a fake.
>> The importance of the outcome
of analyzing the evidence
presented by Antonio
Urzi is significant.
It is to determine
the authenticity
of a case that exceeds all
the expectations generated
by previous cases, only
comparable to the claims
of George Adamski and
Edward Billy Meier,
cases that due to
their importance
are not accepted by many
researchers and skeptics.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Now let's see the
development of the pixel map.
We know that an image
is composed of thousands
and thousands of pixels.
When they are placed
together like a mosaic,
they form a complete,
very defined image.
Let's check the
pixels on the image,
and its local and
general displacement.
As we can see, here we have
a disk or a rhomboid object
filmed by Antonio.
The pixels are very
homogeneous, harmonic,
and there are no changes.
There are not discrepancies
with the structure
or the composition
of the pixels.
I wanted to start with the
Brownsville sighting that
is declared a fake video.
And we will see the
pixels that are presented.
The object, with regard
to the background,
shows very different
pixels, as you
can see in these two images.
And we see even more,
especially in this case.
It looks evident that the object
was superimposed later on.
The pixels of the
object with the sky
form another composition.
The pixels in this
object are more intense.
Let's see the differences
between the pixels.
You can see how the
background of the top photo
is more compact than
the bottom picture.
Here we compare it with
a photo by Antonio Urzi.
Let's see the pixels
of the background,
and the pixels that
show the pixels
of the figure of the image, the
image of the discoidal object,
compared to the false
Brownsville video.
We can see how the
picture and its background
coincides with the pixels
of the image of the UFO,
and our harmonic, unlike this
one where it looks more open.
There are discrepancies
between the pixels
of the external contour, and the
internal contour of the object.
In particular, we can
notice the difference
in the pixels of
the disk and those
of an object of small dimensions
superimposed on the bottom.
And they repeated
several times on the sky.
The difference is just
enormous, in the quality
and in the composition
of the image.
Compared to a
scale model, a disk
created by CGI
from a real model,
but made entirely by a graphic
computer with an object
photographed by Antonio Urzi.
It is obvious, and we can
notice the differences.
As we can see in the case of
the object created by CGI,
there is a difference
in the composition
of the pixels of the object
concerning the background.
If we compare it, again,
with the object photographed
by Antonio, here the pixels
present a harmonic structure.
The difference is obvious.
Now we enlarge the image.
The image is destroyed.
The pixels are not in harmony.
There is a
significant difference
in the structure
of these pixels.
In this case, we
notice the difference
in the object created
by CGI, and the pixels
of the real object
and its dimensions.
>> Por que?
>> Because they
present a structure,
while the images by CGI
start in a fundamental way,
with its interaction with the
spectrum of chromatic light,
allowing the picture to be
created from the brightness
that enters the object,
and that gives it a CGI.
Now the difference is
that the pixels are
presented in a distinct mode.
One is created with digital
graphics manipulation,
where all those elements
that are natural are missing.
The light enters the
lens, thanks to a sensor,
creates an image
based on reality.
So when all these elements
are missing in the images,
the pixels are false.
The structure of the
pixels is not coherent.
This is the photo from
December 22, 2012.
If I'm not mistaken,
it's a rhomboid.
I have made a quick
extension of the pixels.
In this case, you
can see how precisely
the pixels of the
background coincide
with the pixels of the rhomboid.
There are no discrepancies.
There is continuity,
there is harmony.
The object was not
inserted at any time.
In my opinion, if
they were different
there would be a different
density, composition,
and displacement.
Here, as you can see,
the vegetation pixels
are coherent with the
pixels of the background,
just as the pixels
of the disk are
coherent with the pixels of
the UFO background in the sky.
In all the tests, with
all the investigations,
the results do not change.
That means that in this
case, the disk is coherent,
that it is in the same
environment at the same time.
Like the plants and the whole
context, the photo is genuine,
and the pixels are not modified.
>> Another important aspect
when performing the analysis
of photographs and videos
is the sunlight reflected
on the surface of the object.
If it is large,
the light will be
reflected on a smaller surface.
On the contrary, on
smaller UFOs the light
will be thrown back
onto a larger surface.
>> This is a flying disk
from April 29, 2007,
and this one from March 8, 2010.
In this case, they are
not very large objects.
But they can exceed 45 feet.
This is smaller.
The object is much smaller.
It can be classified
as an explorer-type.
We call those objects
explorer-type.
I think it measures
between 30 feet up to 45,
no more than that.
>> The density of the object
is of vital importance in these
analysis.
The larger the mass,
the more the possibility
that they are real.
>> All of the objects of Antonio
Urzi present a high density
because they are voluminous
and absorb light.
That is why they give a
few points of reflection.
Here, we have standard buttons.
Here, the reflection tells
me that the measurement
is 117 in one and
89 and the other,
while Antonio's recordings reach
a density of 15, 17, and 20.
When they are suspect, it's
usually a large measurement
of the object.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I will show a scale that
shows a value from zero to 55.
When it approaches 255,
that is the maximum amount
of illumination.
Also, the reflection
and absorption
are minor, and vise versa.
This is a parameter to
determine if the object is
reflecting light in major
quantities or absorbing light.
An object of small
dimensions reflects
much more light with density,
and absorption is nothing.
Meanwhile, if the object
is bigger, is more dense,
it absorbs more light.
In this case, it
is a small button
that is completely
illuminated by light.
More light is
reflected in comparison
with a larger object.
To clarify, if the object
is bigger, is more dense,
it absorbs more light.
Here we we're going
to calculate the area.
And we see that the
density of the object
is more or less similar.
They are very similar in
the form of their structure.
Let's look at the
one on the left,
comparing it with the
one on the right, which
shows 24, then very close
to zero, and then 34.
A minimum of seven
and a maximum of 160--
these are the minimum and
maximum of extreme values,
and the average is 19.
They are not extreme,
therefore, they
are the lightest points
of the object, which
means that it is not a printed
object over another one,
and there is a volume
because there are variations
in tone and reflection.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> No.
These two are totally
different because they
have varied shapes.
The details are
different, which you
can see in the underneath
of the objects.
This is the same object.
I used this area to make the
densitometery calculation.
It is possible they may
show the same values.
I believe we will
find the relationship
with the light, which is
reflected in the same way,
and therefore equal amounts
of vibration intensity
are presented.
Here we see the density
of a small object,
and one created by CGI, made
with graphical manipulation.
It is possible to see
that the values are
entirely consistent among them.
In fact, remember that if
the values are close to 255
or higher, they are rejected.
The indicated values
here are 182, 123, 117,
which are entirely different
from those of a large object.
>> Based on this analysis, in
addition to the ones we have
already seen, it is virtually
impossible to present a false
object as if it were real.
Now let's look at the
case of three buttons,
that some researchers
in Italy have
used to try to explain
the videos and photographs
of Antonio Urzi.
>> Jaime, here we have the
densitometery of three buttons.
Three buttons, which
as I explained before,
have a greater reflex because
they are small objects.
So the measurement
parameters are 115, 88, 81.
Considering them here in
this scenario, 115, 88, 81,
we are in the middle.
115, 88-- so it has more
light and reflection,
while all of Antonio's objects
measure between 28 and 40.
They are objects
of higher density.
This is another proof
of how small objects can
be distinguished by mass,
calculating the density
measurement of a small object
against falling objects that
have large volume.
>> A UFO recorded
on December 22,
2012 presented some of the
strangest characteristics
of all those analyzed
by Guiseppe Garófalo.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> It is possible that we can
realize with the analysis what
I've done to this video.
It's not the whole video
that has been reviewed here,
but only what was taken
to analyze individually.
It was examined and taken from
the video in a particular way.
Here, we used colors to
intensify the radiation
degree of the object.
You can see the frames of this
emission, this energetic fluid
that leaves the central part,
that rises over the device
and is continuous.
The emissions remain constant.
It is essential.
Because what is happening
with this object
is very complex due to
the way it is working.
It is rotating around its axis
in a counterclockwise fashion.
Then, a darker cold area
rotates in a counterclockwise
direction, while
the upper part makes
a different emanation in a form
that is practically etheric.
And that, in turn,
radiates energy.
This object is a paradox,
something incomprehensible
according to our
technological parameters.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> These are all the analysis
that I have made on the filmed
objects by Antonio Urzi.
They are quite unique.
It is quite rare.
I can tell you this, I have
never done a similar analysis.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> No.
Not that I know of.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, very important.
Because it has many
elements of interest.
>> This is a case that indicates
that we are facing a new
reality.
The importance of
these analysis is
that they prove we are dealing
with a unique situation.
Here is a man who
seems to be followed
by sophisticated
technological objects that
are not terrestrial.
Here, it is confirmed that
this is not a fantasy, .
But a reality this has
continued to happen intensely
for the last 20 years.
This could become a
window of communication.
Another of the videos
recorded in 2011
is of an object that
appears transparent.
It was at an altitude of
approximately 1,000 feet,
and it was still
possible to capture
these incredible images.
The date was November 13, 2011.
We can compare this
image to some others
that Antonio has filmed.
It is very similar, although
in this case it is transparent.
>> The transcendental importance
of Antonio Urzi is a milestone,
a before and after.
In the history of
the UFO phenomenon,
never before has someone
done something like this.
The abundance and
quality of the images
force us to recognize the
true relevance they have.
Antonio has never profited
from these videos.
He has no money.
His cinematic
knowledge is minimal.
He is not even able to
acquire much needed equipment,
yet they attacked him,
and invent evidence
to discredit him.
Not accepting such a case
means that the truth has
been relegated to the
fringe, and that for some it
is better to live in the
darkness of ignorance.
I am Jaime Maussan,
and I hope to see you
in the next episode of "Neuvo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented "Nuevo,"
with Jaime Maussan.